Update Docs for AWS SVIDStore plugin to include required IAM permissions (#2746)
spiffe/spire: doc/plugin_agent_svidstore_aws_secretsmanager.md

}
```

### Required AWS IAM permissions

This plugin requires the following IAM permissions in order to function:

```
secretsmanager:DescribeSecret
secretsmanager:CreateSecret
secretsmanager:RestoreSecret
secretsmanager:PutSecretValue
secretsmanager:DeleteSecret
kms:Encrypt
```

> Please note that this plugin does not require permission to read secret payloads stored.

Reviewer: Just a small suggestion to clarify this wording. The way it was phrased could be misinterpreted to imply that the plugin reads the secrets but doesn't need perms to do so.
```suggestion
Please note that this plugin does not read secrets it has stored and therefore does not require read permissions.
```

}
```

> ### Required AWS IAM permissions

Reviewer 2: what do you think about follow the same structure used on [gcp plugin](https://github.com/spiffe/spire/blob/main/doc/plugin_agent_svidstore_gcp_secretmanager.md#required-gcp-permissions)?  

And maybe avoid adding an example, so we don't have to worry about keeping it updated?

Author: Yes good point, I'll remove the example.
